(WIP0021) feat: include namespaces as attributes (#81)
witnet/WIPs: wip-0021.md

The `StringParseXMLMap` operator converts a `String` (which is assumed to represent a valid XML document) into a `Map`, 
following the next rules:

> - Every element MUST be turned into a `Map` in which the tag name will be inserted as the key, **attributes** would use 
> the *@* symbol to precede their key name, and the elements inside would be also turned in another `Map`. **Namespace**
> would be considered as another **attribute**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The XML document itself MUST be turned into a `Map` in which the root element will act as its only entry, using its tag name as the key:
    ```xml
    <rootElement>
    </rootElement>
    ```
    ```json
    {
        "rootElement": {}
    }
    ```
- Every element MUST be turned into a `Map` and inserted as an entry into the `Map` of its parent element using its tag name as the key. **Attributes** MUST be inserted as entries into those `Map`s with their name preceded by the *@* symbol. **Namespace** attributes MUST be treated the same as any other **attribute**.
```
